[DOCFIX] Add doc for RPC stress benchmarks (#14443)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/operation/StressBench.md

need to be tested and tuned such that no thread finish reading its designated files before the test duration passed.

## RPC Stress Bench

The RPC Stress Bench is a set of benchmarks designed to measure the RPC performance of the 
master under heavy load of concurrent client/worker requests.

Similar to the Fuse IO Stress Bench, the RPC benchmarks support running in a single node mode, 
or in a cluster mode. 

In the single node mode, the node running the benchmark uses multiple threads to simulate many 
clients which send concurrent RPC request to the master.

In the cluster mode, the benchmarks leverage the job service to create simulated clients/workers. 
Each job worker hosts many simulated clients/workers on many threads, so with this mode it's 
possible to achieve higher number of parallel RPC requests, as opposed to the single node mode 
where the parallelism width is limited by the number of cores available on that node.

Use the common option `--cluster` to specify the cluster mode, otherwise omit it to use the 
single node mode. Use the `--cluster-limit` option to further specify how many job workers 

> should be used to run the benchmark job in parallel.

Reviewer: Give 2 example commands of a single-node vs cluster mode

Reviewer: I think you can include examples of running once vs repeatedly. Explain how long the test will run and therefore you see a lot of results.

It creates test files in a temporary directory in Alluxio and pins them. Then it repeatedly calls 
the RPC and waits for the pinned file list, records and outputs the data points and some statistics
of the data.

### Common Parameters

These common parameters are available to all RPC benchmarks:

<table class="table table-striped">
    <tr>
        <th>Parameter</th>
        <th>Default Value</th>
        <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>concurrency</td>
        <td>2</td>
        <td>The number of simulated clients on each node. Typically benchmarks use 1 thread for 1 
        simulated client.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>duration</td>
        <td>5s</td>
        <td>How long the benchmark should be recording measurements for.</td>
    </tr>
</table>

### Available benchmarks

These RPC benchmarks are currently available:

- [`GetPinnedFileIdsBench`](#getpinnedfileidsbench)
- [`RegisterWorkerBench`](#registerworkerbench)
- [`WorkerHeartbeatBench`](#workerheartbeatbench)
- [`StreamRegisterWorkerBench`](#streamregisterworkerbench)

#### `GetPinnedFileIdsBench`

> For the `GetPinnedFileIds` RPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This benchmark simulates workload for the `GetPinnedFileIds` RPC.
```

This benchmark calls the RPC repeatedly until duration is reached.

`GetPinnedFileIds` is periodically called by block workers on every heartbeat to poll the 
pinned file list. It can be expensive if the pinned file list is huge. 

Parameters:

<table class="table table-striped">
    <tr>
        <th>Parameter</th>
        <th>Default Value</th>
        <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>num-files</td>
        <td>100</td>
        <td>Number of pinned files. Use this parameter to adjust the load incurred by the RPC. 
            Higher numbers incur higher loads.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>base-dir</td>
        <td>/get-pin-list-bench-base</td>
        <td>The temporary directory to contain the test files.</td>
    </tr>
</table>

#### `RegisterWorkerBench` 

> For the `RegisterWorker` RPC and the `RequestRegisterLease` RPC.

Reviewer: Simulates concurrent worker registration using the unary RPC implementation(default before Alluxio 2.7). Note that Alluxio 2.7 introduced the "register lease" for the master to perform registration flow control. If you enable that, the same flow control will be effective in this test too. You may use this command to simulate the pressure when the workers start at once at your scale.

This benchmark calls the RPC only once.

This benchmark measures the performance of the process of new worker registration. 
The`RegisterWorker` RPC carries a list of blocks that is currently stored in the worker's storage. 
This RPC can be expensive if the list is huge. 
The `RequestRegisterLease` RPC is part of the mechanism that the master uses to 
control the number of concurrently registering clients so that it does not exceed the master's 
processing capacity.

Parameters:

<table class="table table-striped">
    <tr>
        <th>Parameter</th>
        <th>Default Value</th>
        <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>tiers</td>
        <td>n/a</td>
        <td>A semicolon-separated list of storage tiers. Each tier is a comma-separated 
            list of numbers of blocks in directories on that tier. At most 3 tiers are supported. 
            Example: `100,200,300;1000,1500;2000`</td>
    </tr>
</table>

#### `WorkerHeartbeatBench`

For the `WorkerHeartbeat` RPC.

> `WorkerHeartbeat` is called on every worker heartbeat. Similar to the `RegisterWorker` RPC, this 
> RPC carries a block list, and can be expensive if that list is huge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`WorkerHeartbeat` is called on every worker heartbeat. This RPC carries the block update on this worker since the last heartbeat. If the workers at your scale are under high load, the heartbeat message will also be large and incurs significant overhead on the master side.
```

This benchmark calls the RPC repeatedly until duration is reached.

Parameters:

Same as [`RegisterWorkerBench`](#registerworkerbench).

#### `StreamRegisterWorkerBench`

> For the `RegisterWorkerStream` RPC.

Reviewer: Simulates concurrent worker registration using the streaming RPC implementation(default since Alluxio 2.7). Note that Alluxio 2.7 introduced the "register lease" for the master to perform registration flow control. If you enable that, the same flow control will be effective in this test too. You may use this command to simulate the pressure when the workers start at once at your scale.

This benchmark calls the RPC only once.

> `RegisterWorkerStream` is similar to `RegisterWorker`, except that this RPC allows streaming of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RegisterWorkerStream` is similar to `RegisterWorker`, except that this RPC streams the block report to the master.
```

#### `RegisterWorkerBench` 

Simulates workload for the `RegisterWorker` RPC.

This benchmark simulates concurrent worker registration using the unary RPC implementation (default 
before Alluxio 2.7).
You may use this command to simulate the pressure when the workers start at once at your scale.

The`RegisterWorker` RPC carries a list of blocks that is currently stored in the worker's storage.
This RPC can be expensive if the list is huge.
The `RequestRegisterLease` RPC is part of the mechanism that the master uses to

> control the number of concurrently registering workers so that it does not exceed the master's

Reviewer: The RPC is called `GetRegisterLeasePRequest` but that's too internal to the tech details. You can just remove these 2 lines, You are referring to the register lease doc below so I think it's fine.

processing capacity.

> Note that Alluxio 2.7 introduced the [register lease]({{'/en/reference/Properties-List.html' | relativize_url }}#alluxio.master.worker.register.lease.enabled)

Reviewer: Use this link https://docs.alluxio.io/os/user/stable/en/operation/Scalability-Tuning.html#worker-register-lease

This benchmark calls the RPC only once.

> Simulates concurrent worker registration using the streaming RPC implementation (default since 

Reviewer: I added a doc link too, refer to this
https://docs.alluxio.io/os/user/stable/en/operation/Scalability-Tuning.html#streaming-worker-registration
